and my mother had finished coag to the
just returned from a football game
and it's very cool and you can put it
felt pens
Well, I 'm going to explain how
makes the koala pencil holder the first thing is
Draw the koala or the animal that you
you want to do on a quiet sheet
because I'm going to leave the template as
always to download in the link that
there is below in the description of the video
this would be the government template
draw your wave prints and cut them
how am I doing now we are going to
cut out the pieces that we then go to
transfer to rubber eva you can do it
also with cardboard but the rubber eva
it lasts a lot longer and it's easier
to clean will also be more durable
your koala and if it gets wet it does not happen
nothing here I have the pieces that then
they would be placed you see the legs the arms
the hair that is here on the chest
good head all the pieces the
hind legs nose
and the eyes of the legs I have drawn
one because you can do it twice and
the arm also fine well now we're going to
go transferring these pieces to eva rubber
I'm going to use two shades of gray like
you are seeing in these pieces
you see in the part clarita nothing more I'm going to
place the hair on the chest and the leg on
foot what would be the foot and in the gray
dark as you see the centerpiece of
body the head the arms and
legs or legs
then I simply place it and draw
the chop with a marker for later
cut them out
it's always easier and better to do it in
paper and then pass the silhouette because if
we were wrong to mark in the rubber eva
and then it does not work for us, we have to
throw and it's more expensive than paper
we cut the pieces
and we are going to reserve them
in the clear part I draw two legs with
the same template what would be the
feet to understand us in the clear part
the hair that leads in the front
of the chest
under the head
and cut as before
with white color with white eva rubber or
family that you also call of one
let's make the eyes
I make two equal
with a little bit of blue made simply
a smaller oval for the iris and with
black another even smaller for
pupils and mouth the little piece of the mouth
I'm going to do it with pink foami
here it is
now for the patitas drawn and what
I'm going to do by hand you can cut the
template also if you want are the
little fingers
the part of the internal of the ears
It also goes in pink and when you have already
all the pieces we are going to measure the tin
let's use a can of canning
and we're going to line it up with rubber eva that
I'm going to make light gray what
can you make any other color is
where will the koala go?
make brown that simulates a tree by
example or green
well then I cut the size of the can
so I do not have anything to cover it
enterita
You can also paint the can if you want
or put any can that you already have
decorated
you see here stuck I'm going to cut out a
little bit more than a little bit I check
that's fine and I'm going to paste it
If you do not have a can you can use a
glass jar or also some of
plastic if you want but with a can is
more durable and does not break
with hot or cold silicone or a
very strong glue I will go placing
the rubber eva off around me to
cover all my can
the felling the washing is previously
obviously clean of any food
these cans are the normal ones that
they use canning that is in the
supermarkets
you can make the size you want there
also bigger cans that are worth you
perfectly now I'm going to stick in the
back of the body that was this
gray piece starting from the part of
down the can what would remain
table
and now we're going to stick the pieces in
the head before placing the head
placed the inner part of the ears
pink inside the ears the nose and
is that it is so oval black nose
of which the mouth is very large
the white part of the eye stuck to the
nose as you are seeing
the blue iris and the black pupil
also made a few tight colors
black to give you a little more
expression to the koala you can paint them with
marker if you want
on the legs you can see the little fingers or
pillows put 3 and the part of the
palm what would be the equivalent to
our palm or the plant of the
foot
Well, here I already have these pieces assembled
to open them by sticking in their place the
little hairs of the chest would go here placed
head over
You see is a little stuck in the can and
I will place now
the arms held to the can I put a
little bit of glue from behind
just behind the body or inside if
you want so they do not look
the little legs and well here in front I'm going to
put some glue on the tip
on the edge so they remain
protruding a little populated
I put more glue the little hand so that
It seems like he grabs the can so he can
hold there with the little hands a little
open and now I have legs
backs that would be placed from the
leg from the fish to the body
would be the thighs so call it I do not know
if they have another name in animals
put a little more glue and already
we would have our pencil holder ready in
Koala shape how the return to the
cole I recommend you watch this video of
how to make a case with a bottle
of cocacola in my friend's channel
Isabel of easy ideas I leave the link
down in the description of the video for
that you go directly and know that
it's a channel that I love now
let's see some fake shots with mateo
and you can place it with your other
pencils like these
scissors
hollis the network
brushes of everything and in the red you can
come like this
and today you have everything to earn more
which one would you most like to have of this
style
or from this but industry
8 of this 21 of these but this one has 8
I know it would be the same
if you liked this craft
do not forget to subscribe to the channel below
Y